consecutive launches is a great record I
would although I'd like to point out
that there were two highly publicized
failure investigations one for delta 4
heavy one for Atlas then the Air Force
conducted a failure investigation so if
there it Deb ula has a very good track
record it is just not quite as perfect
as 68 perfect launches regime yes you
have any response we measure the mission
success by by our customers declaration
and so if they declare that the
satellite mission is success we use the
same record the and why it's important
because our profit is tied to a mission
success if we don't deliver it this not
only we lose forfeit our profit but send
potentially get a penalty so the
declaration is about the on-orbit
capability and that's how we measure
success mr. musk in October 2012 I
believe this is right a secondary
payload aboard a SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket
was sent into the wrong orbit because
one of the nine Merlin engines powering
the rocket failed what recourse did the
owner of the secondary payload have in
that situation to recover damages in
other words what what's what's next what
was next right well by ula definition of
success that mission was perfect now
that what was next right well by you
Elias definition of success that mission
was perfect